hi I'm on Carlos Torres with the San
Antonio muscle blog and newsletter
today's tip of the day or article today
is how to build a bigger forms the easy
way without having to do any extra work
let me give you three ways that you can
build big reforms you know you guys want
that hand crushing grip and want to
build those big forearms one easy way to
do it is whenever you're lifting weights
you know do away with your your wrist
straps you know the risks cups are the
ones that you put around your wrist and
then wrap it around the dumbbell makes
it easier to grip do away with that
you'll work your forearms harder I would
only use it maybe at the very end of
your workouts when you just your your
grip is just too fatigued to hold on to
the weight second way is to grab a towel
small towel you want to wrap it around
the dumbbell handle and basically you're
making it thicker make it as thick as
you know not too big but picking up to
work or thicker where your muscles in
your form have to work harder to grip
the weight that's another easy way to do
to really increase the strength in your
forms and another way third way this is
pretty advanced is for example like when
you're doing a pull-up or even a row use
a rope or a thick some kind of thick
handle that's are harder to grab a grape
and that will really work your form so
for example instead of doing pull up
with a just a regular bar or even just
the towel wrapped around the bar you can
do it like for example with a big towel
over the bar or like a rope a thick rope
preferably grab it here and just do a
pull-up just like that seen this way now
I am am i working even though I think
the back on you can really
more on your back but you also are going
to work your forms a much bigger so
those easy tips right there will help
you to build some big forms without
having to do any extra work for more
free tips go to my website and our blog
newsletter SI muscle blogspot com the
other any questions can email me on post
up as as an article and video so go
ahead and build those big forms and and
build those muscles I think you have a
nice day